Add Razorpay to the list (#689)
crweiner/hacktoberfest-swag-list: docs/list.md

- **How to sign up**: Submit your application to win swags from RapidAPI using the [contact form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScBao9QuBPjAOgNK_2cCe2_8Y40dqvkS8f0DMpst-WopZOg8w/viewform?usp=sf_link)
- **Notes**: Only the first 50 participants who complete the challenge will be chosen as winners. For more details visit the [page](https://rapidapi.com/learn/hacktoberfest).

#### **Razorpay**

- **Swag**: Exclusive Razorpay stickers, T-shirt.
- **Requirements**:

>     - Submit atleast 1 pull request to any public Razorpay repository to get a pack of exclusive Razorpay stickers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Submit at least 1 pull request to any public Razorpay repository to get a pack of exclusive Razorpay stickers.
```
